docs: Comments for adding fields (#10)
coveooss/sf-case-assist-cookbook: README.md

It is included as a dependency in this project and served via a static resource within the different components of this repository.

## Description of Files and Directories

## Adding a New Field to Predict

> Using this cookbook as-is includes predicting values for the standard case field "reason". To add other fields to predict, copy the components that are commented out in the HTML and JS files in the [caseAssistFlow folder](src/main/default/lwc/caseAssistFlow). If you are using the Case Review Form, also copy the components that are commented out in the HTML and JS files in the [caseReviewForm folder](src/main/default/lwc/caseReviewForm). Don't forget that you must also configure those same fields to predict in your Case Assist configuration in the Coveo Cloud Platform. 

Author: @acarpentier01 you are wicked good at this!

> Using this cookbook as-is includes predicting values for the standard case field "reason". To add other fields to predict, copy the components that are commented out in the HTML and JS files in the [caseAssistFlow folder](src/main/default/lwc/caseAssistFlow). If you are using the Case Review Form, also copy the components that are commented out in the HTML and JS files in the [caseReviewForm folder](src/main/default/lwc/caseReviewForm). Don't forget that you must also configure those same fields to predict in your Case Assist configuration in the Coveo Cloud Platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cookbook suggests classifications for the standard case  field `reason`. To specify additional fields for classification, access the [caseAssistFlow folder](src/main/default/lwc/caseAssistFlow) and copy the sample components that are commented out in the `caseAssistFlow.html` and `caseAssistFlow.js` files as many times as necessary. If you are using the Case Review Form,  access the [caseReviewForm folder](src/main/default/lwc/caseReviewForm) and copy the sample components that are commented out in the `caseReviewForm.html` and `caseReviewForm.js` files as well. After modifying these files, access the Coveo Administration Console to update your Case Classification configuration accordingly. Make sure that all newly added fields are specified in your configuration. For more information, see https://docs.coveo.com/en/3328/service/manage-case-assist-configurations#configuring-the-case-classification-functionality. 
```
